# Calculator
Advanced Programming


Assignment 2. Sets.For this assignment an interpreter has to be written for a calculator with the”command-language” shown further down.  All ”sentences” in this command-language are statements for operations with sets of arbitrary big natural num-bers.  The calculator should be able to store an arbitrary number of variables(a variable being a combination of a name and a value).Proceed as follows:1.  Finish the specifications of the Identifier ADT and the Set<E>ADT thatcan be found in the provided skeleton on Canvas.  The type Identifier willbe the type of the name and the type Set<E>will be the type of the valueof each variable stored by the calculator.2.  From the API use (1) the class BigInteger to implement the arbitrary bignatural numbers and (2) the class HashMap<K, V>to store the arbitrarynumber of variables.3.  Implement the class LinkedList<E>according to the specification givenin  the  ListInterface<E>.  
  
 The  given  class  Node  has  to  be  used  in  theimplementation of this class List.  We provide a class ListTest which youmust use to test your implementation.  Instructions on how to use it areat the end of this document.4.  Implement the class Set<E>with the class LinkedList<E>.5.  Use  instances  of  the  class  APException  in  case  you  want  to  throw  anexception.6.  Make, using the objects, a design for the interpreter.  Use the method ofrecursive descent (see the example at the end).7.  Get approval for the filled in interfaces, as well as the design of the inter-preter, at the meetings with the assistant.8.  Once your design and interfaces have been approved, and you have imple-mented the interfaces, you can start with programming.  First, completelywrite-out the parser part of your design.  Which means, write a programthat reads lines of input, and does nothing in case of a correct command,but returns a clear error-message in case there are incorrect commands.9.  Only when the parser works, must you proceed to extend it to an inter-preter.  The interpreter must recognize and execute commands written inthe command-language specified below.With the aid of the command-language specified further down, we can manip-ulate the sets of natural numbers and the variables that are contained in thecalculator.  Only identifiers are allowed as names for variables.1
There are four operators that can be used on sets in this language:+   :A+B={x|x∈A∨x∈B}union∗:A∗B={x|x∈A∧x∈B}intersection−:A−B={x|x∈A∧x /∈B}complement|:A|B={x|x∈A+B∧x /∈A∗B}symmetric difference={x|x∈(A+B)−(A∗B)}The operator ’∗’ has a higher priority than ’+’, ’|’ and ’−’, whom have the samepriority.  The operators are left-associative.Example:A−B∗Set1 +Dis to be evaluated as (A−(B∗Set1)) +D.There are twocommandsavailable.  For each of those an example is given:1.Set1 =A+B−Set1∗(D+Set2)Calculate the set that is the result of the expression to the right of the’=’-sign and associate the variable with the identifier Set1 with this Set.2.  ?Set1 +Set2Calculate the set that is the result of the expression, and print the elementsof this set on the standard output.
